DPL-055/Fix priority samples (#399)
sanger/crawler: README.md

## Priority Samples

If a sample is prioritised (has `must_sequence` flag set) it will be treated the same as a `fit_to_pick` sample.

During the prioritisation run (after all the centres' files have been processed), any existing priority samples flagged as 'unprocessed' will be:

- Updated in the MLWH `lighthouse_sample` table with the values of the priority (`must_sequence` and `preferentially_sequence`) added to it
- Inserted in DART as 'pickable' if the plate is in state `pending`
- Updated as 'processed' in mongo so it won't be processed again unless there is a change for it

This will be applied with the following set of rules:

- All records in mongodb from the `priority_samples` collection where `processed` is `true` will be ignored
- All new updates of prioritisation will be updated in the MLWH
- If the sample is in a plate that is not in a `pending` state **no updates will be performed in DART for this sample**
even if there is any new prioritisation set for it
- If the sample has `filtered_positive` set to `true`, the sample will be flagged as 'pickable' in DART

> - If the sample has any priority setting (`must_sequence` or `preferentially_sequence`), the sample will be flagged as 'pickable' in DART

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the sample has a 'must_sequence' priority setting, the sample will be flagged as 'pickable' in DART (even when the `filtered_positive` for that sample is set to 'false')
```
